(Transcribed by TurboScribe. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

I gave an AI my laptop. Watch what happened next. This manual trigger and this message model was created by the agent autonomously without anything from my part.

Let me double click this. Here is the message given by the node. Welcome to the cosmos of creativity with anti-gravity, where ideas soar and inspiration knows no bounds.

See, the agent is working on its own. It is going to create a workflow. You can watch the agent working autonomously and directly on its own in my laptop.

Clicking create workflow. It is naming it anti-gravity demo knowledge drop. That is the name the agent has given to the workflow.

Right. See now. Choosing the first node trigger.

Right. It is writing something. You a. What is it doing? I'm not able to guess what exactly it is doing.

Let us see. No idea what node it chose. Some node is open.

Okay. Edit fields node. Now closing it.

Already the manual trigger has been dropped and edit fields added. Right. Now opening it.

Oh, it has deleted the edit fields node. No idea why it did so. Okay.

Going for the search for the next node. Looking for HTML. It seems HTML.

HTTP request. Node has been chosen. Now the agent is configuring the HTTP request node.

Useless facts. Some sites it has chosen. I haven't heard of these sites.

It seems it has. Oh, you see here. Something has come in ancient Greece.

Idiot meant a private citizen or layman. It has given the source. It has given the source URL, etc.

Oh, done. It seems it has completed the job. Still planning to add some more node.

It is trying to add Gmail node. Actually Gmail send is something which would require verifications too often and node will fail. Instead the agent may choose SMTP node.

That will be working flawlessly. But I don't know how to communicate this to the agent. Because the agent is working autonomously.

See there is a spelling mistake in edit fields. It has used double E. Agents to commit mistakes. I think so.

Now it is looking for fields. Edit fields. Searching.

Rename node. Oh, the HTTP request node has been renamed. Ok, I am to stop the recording because it is exceeding 5 minutes limit.

Let me stop it. The purpose is to show you the demonstration.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)